Richelle Direny: you're muted.
Rhianna: Hear me now. Yes.
Rhianna: In the back of my
Rhianna: Mind and others. And everywhere I can play on the headphones.
Richelle Direny: What did your granddaughter do
Rhianna: I'm redoing her room, I'm moving everything around get raised me I have a little granddaughter so
Richelle Direny: And so you're remodeling.
Rhianna: And now I got
Rhianna: The headphones.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's okay. You're on. So I take it that you did get my message.
Rhianna: About
Richelle Direny: About today.
Rhianna: About logging in. Right.
Rhianna: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay, and then you remember that there's group tomorrow one
Yes.
Rhianna: And I did not know that. See, so have you seen the Dodger every week or every week. I didn't know that until the lady on the phone before you probably know, like, like I fill out the survey my wasn't present my face, or can I make that river.
Rhianna: Well,
Richelle Direny: I mean, you wouldn't be able to make it up because so you said that you were under the impression that you had group every week, every other week.
Rhianna: Why, because I see her every, every, the doctor.
Rhianna: No.
Richelle Direny: No, you see her every other week, you still come to group every week.
Rhianna: Okay, on a one on one with you. I need to be my main town for. I hope so because I hate
Richelle Direny: The chats like
Rhianna: A lot on your plate.
Richelle Direny: No, I'm gonna be the cancer. I'm going to be your counselor. Hold on.
Rhianna: Awesome, now I'm rehana I have
Rhianna: Three kids. I have three
Richelle Direny: You're going to be going through a lot of that with me. I'm going to be asking you a lot of those
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on. Just, just give me one.
Rhianna: Well first off is clean.
Richelle Direny: So just to go over a little bit about Bret Hart and I know that you've been coming on for a little while, that you've gone to the group and you've done the medication check in. But yes, going to be your main
Richelle Direny: Your therapist with Bret Hart. So you'll always meet with me whenever we set up our appointments
Richelle Direny: A phone will go. I'll be the one that's hosting the group's
Weekly.
Richelle Direny: Unless of course I'll tell you in advance if I'm not going to be at a group and I also
Richelle Direny: Yeah, just two groups in the for their individual therapy, you'll be meeting with me. Um, you know, we always ask, especially with the group six. That's the main one, especially with the groups because of the fact that you have other people that join in the groups that you would have
Richelle Direny: I had said.
Rhianna: Yes.
Richelle Direny: But just so because of other people be in the room.
Just for the purpose of confidentiality.
Richelle Direny: Is going to be
Richelle Direny: Where we log in.
Richelle Direny: To meet with each other. So we just always asking, and I know things happen, kind of, you know, sometimes there's mishaps where you the Wi Fi connection.
Richelle Direny: I mean you can never really guarantee that it's always going to be tippy top but you know we always ask that you're in an area where you get the Wi Fi.
Rhianna: I have like three or four that so we can go through and put my eight year old you know even do that. A big
Richelle Direny: Okay. And then, so just just going over the house rules in, you know, just
Richelle Direny: When it's all said and done, if you ever state or share so I suggest that you know you're at your risk of hurting yourself or you feel really, you know, overwhelmed and
Richelle Direny: Just feeling hopeless and you know worthless, whatever it is, and you feel like hurting yourself or anyone else, you know, at that point, you know, confidential kind of goes out the door and we, I am a mandated reporter
Richelle Direny: So I would ask for it. And, um, you know, but
Rhianna: I hope
Rhianna: I could say my life, I would hope so.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, it's all about saving your own
Richelle Direny: But outside of that you know it. Everything is confidential because you'll always see me in a room with a closed door.
Richelle Direny: You know, to, to meet with you, um, of course, the setting on the group days or sometimes it's going to be a little bit different but
Outside of that,
Rhianna: Well, that's fine. It's just like
Rhianna: The last like the last place I was that an hour that's out there for a very, very, very long time. But we didn't really do group settings as much as one on one.
Rhianna: But the one on ones were so at the time I was so turned out about meeting counselor counselor counselor at that point I was just like, read my file read my file, but might be that you're going to be, and I'm sure you'll be here for a while.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah, no, no, we don't. And you're talking about it when you're in a treatment program. Yes, it's a little bit different in a treatment program because you are bouncing around. And people are leaving. And it's a
Rhianna: War.
Richelle Direny: II bit. Yeah, this is a very different, very different, very, very different platforms are your regular rehabs
Rhianna: Well, I looked at some of the information. It looks fabulous. Where are you guys from are you located several different places.
Rhianna: I'm in Florida really
Rhianna: I know it's not on here.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it is nice and warm, but it's supposed to be cold.
Well,
Richelle Direny: You said you were just here a few months ago.
Richelle Direny: Ok ok ok it's a few hours away. So now on. So let's get started. Like kind of getting in. Now this session is not going to be like a therapy session, per se, we will determine how how often we will meet and how we will set up your sessions at the end of our time together.
Richelle Direny: But this session. It's just information me gathering getting to know you kind of getting to know your background, your history, what brought you to pray.
Rhianna: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You seem a little days. Are you sleepy.
Rhianna: Now I end up moving around. And it's kind of like, um, yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about Braveheart, tell me a little bit about how you heard about very hard.
Rhianna: I'm actually watching a commercial late of the YouTube one night and
Rhianna: It kind of
Rhianna: Came across the screen and I didn't even I didn't believe it was just like, no way. There's no way and
Rhianna: I know another girl that just joined not too long ago for my meeting because we have meetings hear you now. Na and
Rhianna: She was telling me about it and she joined around the time I did and she has been she is backed by the way. You guys are so very low. Give it a shot like the guy was being up in Columbus, Ohio.
Rhianna: I was thinking for seven years and it was it was wonderful. But the one on one counselor, kind of, I don't know what happened.
Rhianna: Either be written, take the drug and alcohol courses versus he was really a lifestyle.
Rhianna: I that's what the doctor told my best.
Rhianna: And it got really connected really really expensive. It was like, they went from 200 250 to 75 and then by the end of it. It was 325 what
Rhianna: Do I mean
Richelle Direny: How much what that's per hour to meet with him or
Rhianna: For the visit alone just for the doctor visit alone and then
Rhianna: I would talk to him. I talked to the counselor I TOUCH CENTER. Get my butter all that guy and urinalysis
Rhianna: Then
Rhianna: The best part of my day was talking to your account. So, though. I mean, I have to say dance moves. Anything we made my day and for three years at that time back at that time, I really needed on that. If you can actually because
Rhianna: My oldest I had lost and a person who's Taiwan.
Rhianna: And then my middle one was kind of just
Rhianna: Out there and the same car wreck as my turn one year old, my brother, which is six months or than my one. My son has he survived. You survived. There's a lot going on. Once I have an eight year old.
Rhianna: Now, so I really needed I needed something or I was going to balls to the wall. Relax. I'm not gonna say. I mean, you know, and
Rhianna: So, and they did extensive I call me any day or night come up there. He has to. Because from where I'm at, to argue that it's about an hour and 20 minutes away.
Rhianna: But you can use personal cell phone number, which is kind of really personal so and we we chitchat it like this and he got me through a lot, a lot, a lot of things.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said that you know you got to do the console, you got his number you were able to meet with him.
Rhianna: Oh, yeah, yeah. Like, like that like we're doing, he would, he would come from like this. Also, when I got there we have our session.
Rhianna: For me, made me made my day and then so when he loved us three and a half years later, and it was just like that. You can say goodbye and have a year so abrupt saying
Rhianna: That I asked him about the data to like what happened. Please tell me what happened because it's convenient to like a shut down, you know,
Rhianna: But come to find out. I guess he was a life counselors versus a drug and alcohol counselor to maybe that's why he worked so well as he
Rhianna: Did that and on top of that I was doing grief counseling, you know, because when my sister passed the year before that my guys, though I did everything. Fine.
Rhianna: You know, I mean, so I figured I tried different with my son, and it'll be five years.
Rhianna: In October, now this year so
And
Rhianna: Time to grow up. I mean, I'm 42 years old I usually people didn't addiction. Usually when they're young in their life now and I waited until my 30s working job great in their second year, I decided
Rhianna: I'm fine. I had a boyfriend, which is thinking about 11 years we had a baby.
Rhianna: But
Richelle Direny: Father.
Rhianna: Welcome
Richelle Direny: You said that was your eight year old father
Rhianna: Warm warm, um,
Rhianna: Anyway,
Rhianna: And then I think any purpose that
Rhianna: Gave me more energy to work early and then it kind of made me feel like, oh, superhuman
Rhianna: Though
Richelle Direny: You said that you said that
Richelle Direny: Perfectly purpose that made you
Richelle Direny: Gave you a lot of energy.
Rhianna: One. Like, don't, don't get me wrong with when
Rhianna: I thought my accident, a good job.
Rhianna: But
Rhianna: Was like after the paint on it was like, well, I was taking a payment batches and didn't come back. It's kind of see me around and I'd be at work and I was their server and a bartender and then if I wasn't doing that I was
Rhianna: Achieved which is finalized come with a fake name of your university and I just made me feel like by visually Jackie, do anything. I mean, I would get everything done the housework homework. We're now. It was just
Rhianna: Amazing. And then all of a sudden, it wasn't, it was more like I need. I have to, I have to have and I have to have it or I can function.
Rhianna: And then I broke a few different places. So then the fact that was terrified because I was already on Saturday, and you're like, I am terrified. And I'm like, listen, whatever. Give me here when I leave here. I won't touch it. Yeah, my word, I don't want to run my life.
Rhianna: When I didn't
Rhianna: Know you might
Richelle Direny: Be tech savvy text before
Rhianna: Oh yeah, I am. I tried to I've tried to Boston and this device, maybe. Oh my god. Definitely. Oh, I don't know what it was, hey,
Rhianna: I threw up to try to study tech. They didn't want to because they were terrified that I could relax. But then I got pregnant and after. So I was on for quite some time. So after
Richelle Direny: The program that you were, you were in a rehab program that's where you were meeting with your, your last counselor.
Rhianna: Um, what, what
Richelle Direny: And how in that was three and a half years ago.
Rhianna: Now I just left.
Rhianna: For
Rhianna: I left the first place.
Rhianna: Almost a year old, so
Rhianna: I just have to be outrageous, though, I could not do it. Especially that grandbabies and how
Rhianna: Long
Richelle Direny: He said seven years ago.
Rhianna: Seven years ago, up until
Rhianna: Four months ago I stopped going and I ended up having to buy him off the street, which is really good times as much as me.
Rhianna: But I talked to the lady. When I talked to the lady, I guess you would call initial
Rhianna: Admissions or whatever we do that is nice to me as on her and she said that she thinks that we've got us to help me. And so far, the thing I love about their profile other people. So one. No, no complaints that
Richelle Direny: Only that was the only
Richelle Direny: Treatment of them you will part of
Rhianna: Um, I would that outreach today. My name. That's where I was on the box and then I went from there.
Rhianna: And went to from there to study.
Rhianna: And then I left there because that was up in Canton, Ohio, and
Rhianna: I went to a place in Columbus, because I had a seizure and your neurologist and he was seeing me for my neurotic. You know my head and then I was talking about my addiction on a
Rhianna: Similar program. So I say with him. His name is Dr. Data to and I say, here are some
Rhianna: Words.
Rhianna: One more time.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And what what are some, like, what was your drug of choice. Was it just opiates heroin. Like, what was your
Rhianna: I'm Doug choices Percocet. But don't get me wrong that grows too much. I try inhaling, I never did intravenously. Um, but I started it, but it lasted a whole month and I was getting the hell out of it.
Are you
Anyway,
Richelle Direny: Just got adjusted with all the volume.
Richelle Direny: Here.
Rhianna: For me,
Richelle Direny: I'm here.
Rhianna: Now I'm trying to fix it now.
I'm trying to find you.
Rhianna: Okay, how about now.
Rhianna: Yes, I'm better. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Any better, you sound really low.
Rhianna: I wonder why.
Rhianna: I can't get you on this other phone and my son. Can I hear you, man. I'm
Richelle Direny: A little bit better.
Rhianna: How about if I talk like this.
Rhianna: Perfect. Okay, well I'll kind of talk down to Georgia.
Rhianna: Okay, so yeah, where
Rhianna: Was I at
Richelle Direny: You were telling me that you've tried. You've, you've done. You've tried the heroin never
Rhianna: Interrupt oh yeah okay so try the heroin.
Rhianna: Month, month and a half, at the most, went back to the Percocet and then I found out I was pregnant, shortly after that.
Rhianna: They were trying to trying to tell me if I got off the medication. I have a seizure. My son, you know, I mean it scared the shit out of me girl. So that's when I decided to find help. You know what I mean, I know I was in a really bad place.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but, um, what, what about the alcohol use.
Rhianna: No, no, I'll call you. Are they ever
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how
Richelle Direny: Like, were you like a daily user with loot whether the purpose set or anything that any of them.
Rhianna: Now, I was just opiates opiates opiates opiates.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and it said it was just just Percocet and what else in the heroin.
Rhianna: Yeah, which actually breaks down in your system is morphing, I believe. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And how, when did you start, when did you start using
Rhianna: Oh gosh, um,
Rhianna: Let's see. I worked at Logans for a year.
Rhianna: May fired me when I was eight months pregnant so
Rhianna: Oh god, it's been 15 years
Rhianna: You see I got in a car accident, years and years and years ago. So, and I was like, narrow now.
Rhianna: So it's, I don't know, rock around maybe 11
Years. Oh.
Rhianna: My gosh, I am so sorry.
Rhianna: Understanding. Hold on, let me
Rhianna: Are you there.
Richelle Direny: I am
Rhianna: Mom, I'm on the phone with my are you
Rhianna: Okay, are you there money.
Richelle Direny: I'm here. Okay, good.
Rhianna: Thank God to each home.
Rhianna: Ladies,
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Rhianna: Anyways, so, um,
Rhianna: It's a car accident. I just kept kind of buying them here and there and get now and then go on to work and then and, you know, it's crazy. I'm just gonna be honest with you were never knew again. It was crazy. I mean, it got out of control.
Richelle Direny: You said
Rhianna: Huh.
Richelle Direny: What did you say repeat what you just said.
Rhianna: I said, you know, it was crazy that work didn't even realize that I was just
Rhianna: Wasn't me, you know, it wasn't me.
Richelle Direny: So you said that they didn't notice it.
Rhianna: No, I don't believe they did.
Rhianna: At least if they did, and never told me, and I worked there long enough to where I mean I reserved for eight years. So I known the same people for eight years and merged with him every day, you know, at least one person be like, Get your shit together. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: What kind of work did you do
Rhianna: I was a server and a bartender.
Rhianna: And then if I didn't do that part time they had me do a key which is similar to like a fake manager. I only have a card like a card that would discount meals for different servers and
Rhianna: I was mad.
Rhianna: I was there forever. And then I got into
Rhianna: Christmas Kelly agency. This is a place where this is kind of cool like it. It looked up and down like
Rhianna: One day I could come in dress to the hill and be any insurance office where I would take it because he was an insurance guy. So I'm talking house insurance boat insurance car insurance, whatever. So I take the money for that or then
Rhianna: One week he could give me a list of houses or apartments that needed cleaned or paint or whatever. And I can do that.
Rhianna: So, it kept me busy and again it was something different because I've been in the food service I'm having food service all my life.
Rhianna: So,
Rhianna: You know,
Rhianna: I mean, don't get me wrong, I love me, it's just
Rhianna: I'm getting a little older.
Richelle Direny: I hear that. Now I'm so you said that an 11 years ago you said you're 42 so 11 years ago, you're talking about maybe in your early 30s, is when you started using drugs.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Rhianna: And I said, not like a normal person where they try experiment when they're teenagers or young 20s. Yeah, no I wait till I'm 30 some and like an idiot.
Richelle Direny: And and the car accident is what triggered it.
Rhianna: Yes, yes, my neck was really bad and
Rhianna: It was my neck. I couldn't bend it a certain way and then it was almost like I had a limp. But there's nothing wrong like several X rays, and I did it. I did chiropractor and
Rhianna: All that. But there's nothing really wrong to the point where I shouldn't have needed that then meds and that was probably back when they were given out way too many meds.
Richelle Direny: Now do you were you ever diagnosed with a mental illness.
No.
Richelle Direny: Never been treated by card for certainly for mental illness.
Rhianna: Now,
Richelle Direny: Is there any family history of substance abuse.
Rhianna: I'm
Rhianna: Well, my, I call it. Remember earlier I was talking about my sister that died. She was my actual she was my blood cousin. She odd.
Rhianna: So yeah, and then my
Rhianna: Uncle on my mom's side us out all
Rhianna: He's gone now. Other than that, my dad.
Richelle Direny: And she already just a few years ago, right.
Rhianna: Do I hi
Richelle Direny: If she OD, just a few years ago.
Rhianna: She odd year after my son. So it's been six years for her.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um, and a year after your son, your son passed away a year ago and she passed away, six years ago.
Rhianna: No, no. Hi, my son passed away, um, October 18 2015 she passed away, January 7 2014 she her birthday was on January 1 and she seven days later, God
Richelle Direny: And what about um so you were never diagnosed with any mental illness just or the thing was just the addiction to the opiates.
Rhianna: And so forth, right. And, well, I guess you would say I taking antidepressant anxiety and
Rhianna: Depression, because I do is I was a little depressed, I guess.
Richelle Direny: After your
Rhianna: Idea. I do get panic attacks so
Rhianna: That's for my family physician.
Richelle Direny: So your family physician is one that prescribes the medication.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. Okay, so, anxiety and
Richelle Direny: depression. Depression.
Yes.
Rhianna: And also water pill. I hold water like a darn water hose.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: And all of that started after you
Rhianna: Yeah, I would say so. Or at least, I would say it happen, I noticed it. After that, just to be on maybe I paid more attention to it. Like, I WAS WITH MY SON'S FATHER.
Rhianna: Kingston's Dad, I was with him for 11 and a half years. And then I didn't realize how much non attention. I wasn't giving him until
Rhianna: Until I did. You know what I mean. So it was chilly and
Richelle Direny: You weren't married to him.
Rhianna: Now, girl. Come on. You wish a me thinking me up the rock net
Rhianna: And get the diamond it
Richelle Direny: You wouldn't get the do you couldn't get the diamond out of him.
Rhianna: Now that makes me so mad I you know what it's like was Christopher dad, which is my oldest son now since I've lost my oldest one so I call him my oldest son.
Rhianna: His dad is was for like almost 10 like eight and a half years. He gave me a ring, but never asked me and it was never know like nice beautiful room. It's just like a little rain and with Ryanair Kingston's bad he got me all kinds of diamonds. Don't get me wrong but
Rhianna: He never, never still to this day. He's like 39 I am older than him. But he we split up initially because I got pregnant after 11 years I got pregnant and then he got some now I'm 35 yes some 22 year old girl from a galleon
Rhianna: Pregnant
Rhianna: And I was so over it by then I was like, Oh my God, you got to begin after 11 years of this bullcrap forget it.
Rhianna: And, you know, and she still didn't get a ring, either in your area. Still, I'd marry, he just
Rhianna: Whatever, I don't have time for it.
Rhianna: I know if I see you, if you're married a hallelujah girl.
Richelle Direny: Is there any of any kind of addiction on your mother's side or your father side.
Richelle Direny: Out. Now your cousin was was on your mother's side or your father's side.
Rhianna: That was on my mom's side.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and she's the only one that had
Richelle Direny: Mom or Dad.
Rhianna: She's the one that struggled with addiction of pills. Then there was my uncle, and he was an alcoholic.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But my mom or dad wasn't on didn't struggle with.
Addiction.
Rhianna: No, no. Still to this day, we can still go have a drink and everything be fine. It's just, I mean not ended drink. It's like the pills almost took the drinking away from me. It's weird.
Rhianna: And now I'm like yeah okay you drink your beer or drink Mountain Dew. I love mom do some reason. And I mean, we're still real good friends. I know I've all my baby dad's email. It sounds awful. When I say that me and Kingston bad really do have a good relationship.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's good.
Rhianna: Yeah, it really is.
Rhianna: He still scared to death. Get married. Yeah, I mean, we talked about these girls. You say, man, it's so funny. Girl It people would think it's weird, but it's not, you know,
Richelle Direny: I mean, for the sake of it sounds like for your son, it's good that you guys have a pretty
Rhianna: Yes, and his brother is six months younger than him so
Rhianna: Very, very close
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, the one
Rhianna: Size I own. No, no. You got to go.
Richelle Direny: Here that I hear that, um, what about
It.
Richelle Direny: Did you know your your your oldest son, the one that passed away. It was through toy car accident. Did he have a history of
Rhianna: Did he have anyone
Richelle Direny: And substance abuse. Did he have a history.
Rhianna: Not well you have a history of substance abuse, but I know the night he was driving his blood alcohol level was like
Rhianna: Point 148 he should have never been driving like my browser's point my but brothers bike I taken in his alcohol lowest point 09
Rhianna: So,
Rhianna: It. I mean it was just a tragedy, it should have never
Rhianna: And I'm not saying that my son, and he drank, but he was never out in the bars. He never drank and drove like that. But he did drink and drive. I'm not gonna lie. Yes, he did drink and drive. A few times and
Rhianna: You know that's what
Richelle Direny: Will your brother was in the car with him at the time.
Rhianna: Oh yeah, the girl and what's crazy is he had
Rhianna: His it was him and my brother and my brother's best friend, which was 20 at the time. And then this girl that he dated off and on, since they had been kids, I'm talking 14 years old.
Rhianna: She had two little babies to she they all he took the whole car out girl except my brother. He's the only one I was like
Rhianna: It was awful.
Richelle Direny: So everybody died.
Rhianna: Everybody died.
Rhianna: It was just. They shy two years in a row. They shut the road down to the actual name and people walk like 400 some people walk two years in a row. It affected. A lot of people because they were so young.
Rhianna: And I know everybody felt like that was a hard time for me. I know people felt some type of way about my son because they took you know he took their children.
Rhianna: And then the girl that he had dated off and on. All his life he took her to and she burned to death in the car, girl.
Rhianna: You birth today yes in the car. So she didn't even get a funeral.
Rhianna: It was awful.
Rhianna: To the carpool so bad and see I can tell my mom can't really talk and I begged her to do the grief counseling I Baker going to counseling with me or a meeting or anything.
Rhianna: And she just cannot. She just can't just not ready for where people look at me like, oh my god, I can't believe you're talking but I've had a lot of help.
Rhianna: You know, without the counseling and the grief counseling, like the double sided counseling. I've also had a strong you know team to help me or I would have went right down the road of what I did with my, my cousin, which I call my sister, you know,
Rhianna: Um, I would have been lost and out there and then there would have been my eight year old screwed up because his mom might have been a junkie, you know,
Richelle Direny: So no
Richelle Direny: Know your middle son.
Rhianna: Um,
Richelle Direny: He doesn't have any history. He doesn't have
Rhianna: Now, now he does, he drinks. Occasionally he doesn't have any
Rhianna: hiccups so far. He has to. But he has two little babies now he's got a and c. So, feel these three in March and they are. They were silly, but they had another one, and she will be a year old.
Rhianna: You said that there were silly. Yes, there's still the, I mean they had one, I get it, but it may have been the other five years. Okay, he's got a good job and they have an okay place and she's you know she's going to school online because she's at home but
Rhianna: To have a three year old and then have another one that's going to be a year old is not, you know, I kind of did it.
Rhianna: Do you have any children.
Rhianna: I see.
Rhianna: You have two boys two girls two boys. A boy. A girl wasn't a girl.
Richelle Direny: Their little your little so does. Is there any outside of your cousin overdosing no other history of suicide within the family.
Rhianna: Long, long
Richelle Direny: And for you, um, even when you are going through, um, you know, the loss of your son or just grieving the loss of your son. Did you have any thoughts of suicide or any suicide attempts.
Wow.
Richelle Direny: No.
No.
Richelle Direny: Now, how you said that your, your oldest that passed away. He passed away at 20 he was 21 when he passed away, right.
Richelle Direny: My son, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And then, so you have three. So you have three children and all all boys.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So now you have a granddaughter.
Rhianna: Yes. Now to two granddaughters
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Rhianna: Yeah, so I finally made it to the other side.
Rhianna: As I said, I'm redoing their room now so
Rhianna: Because I plan on getting them all the time because you know she's starting to do this.
Rhianna: part time job thing. And I'm going to babysit for so I'll have girls over here more often. So
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, that's exciting.
Rhianna: Yeah, gives me something to do
Richelle Direny: You work right now, right, you just
Rhianna: Well, I do what I do right now is, like I said,
Rhianna: Sometimes like one week you'll have become in two days a week and do
Rhianna: It's like a you sit behind a desk and take money all day for insurance and then
Rhianna: The following week. It had me cleaning like two, three apartments or paint a house inside you know just depends.
Rhianna: But it's nothing overwhelming to where you know i couldn't watch my grandbabies
Richelle Direny: Are you um
Richelle Direny: Do you have any legal or financial planning.
Rhianna: What do you mean
Richelle Direny: Like legal or find legal issues that's pending right now.
Rhianna: Um, no, no, no, no.
Richelle Direny: You serve in the military.
Rhianna: Now,
Richelle Direny: And both parents are still alive. Right.
Rhianna: Sorry, I take that back. I had my step dad too long. So I call him. Dad, but my actual biological dad died when I was 11
Richelle Direny: And he's still alive.
Rhianna: No, no, he died when I was 11 and then my mom met my stepdad and ever since then he's been my dad.
Richelle Direny: What I'm sorry. That's why I was asking, Is your
Rhianna: Oh, yes, yes. Sorry. Okay. Um,
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you're currently single just looking forward to being a part of your granddaughters live raising your eight year old son.
Rhianna: That's right, doll face.
Richelle Direny: And your STEP IN YOUR SON'S FATHER is still actively involved.
Rhianna: Yes, very much so.
Richelle Direny: Oh, come
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Rhianna: Yes. Sucks here, girl.
Rhianna: I want to get out of here so bad.
Rhianna: Huh.
Richelle Direny: Where'd you go
Rhianna: I want to go down to like
Rhianna: I don't want to go as far as
Rhianna: I don't see. I know it's going to sound so cliche Atlanta, but I would like to do, maybe
Rhianna: North Carolina, maybe South Carolina something again.
Richelle Direny: I'm you have family there.
Rhianna: Nope, I would just pack them up and come
Richelle Direny: Now in there in your time doing this program.
Richelle Direny: And when you saw that this is program seems to fit your, you know, your where you are right now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you would like to work.
Rhianna: What are what
Richelle Direny: What would, what would you like to work on.
Rhianna: Um, well, since this is so flexible. I really would like to. I'm
Rhianna: Kind of like going to school and and not full time nothing huge and big because I know I'm going to be babysitting. And that's going to take a big part of it, but just something real small like for like maybe I'm
Rhianna: Pet Care assistant or maybe like maybe real life coach since I've been down this road so much, you know,
Richelle Direny: You need to become a life coach.
Rhianna: Yeah, well,
Rhianna: I don't know how to go about that now.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you could go to the local college and university or just inquire about their programs you know anything or sit and speak to an admissions counselor.
Rhianna: Okay.
Rhianna: I think that's a
Rhianna: Good idea.
Richelle Direny: Go to the local college and sit and speak with an admissions counselor and they have all the different programs that they have and see what best fits your suits your, you know, what is it that your interests and what are you
Right.
And
Rhianna: And what I wanted to me.
Richelle Direny: Um, what else, what else would you like to work on.
Rhianna: Um,
Rhianna: Love to drop some weight. I'm just gonna be honest with you there my dashboard keeps telling me till I have to lose this. Now, I'm not gonna lie to you, girl. When I first started seeing my family physician. I was like, up to God. What was it to 70
Rhianna: And I'm down to like 180 but it's been over a few years and he wants to be down 9155 and I'm like want i five eight and a half. I might I will look like a skinny beanpole. I MEAN, YOU DON'T YOU THINK I mean I like me on myself.
Richelle Direny: I completely agree. I'm about five, seven, and yeah.
Rhianna: Like, can you imagine now see here around the same IP. Imagine I mean come on, but I would like to get healthier. I'm not gonna lie about that. I'm just now introducing new things to like my eight year old is so finicky. And he hate to eat anything but I made him. I made him.
Rhianna: Like a we were we him to this arrangement where every weekend so try three different
Rhianna: Tastes in his mouth and that being anywhere from fish is to some kind of a vegetable. And then, you know, get to pick, you know, pick one tree. And I think that's fair.
Rhianna: Yes.
Rhianna: You know, fish, a lot of fish is good for him and he I mean fishing and baked chicken and my growing and like fried chicken. I love fried chicken.
Rhianna: I do. I can't help it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, do you like fried chicken.
Rhianna: Oh guy. He don't get me wrong. He loves it. He loves it all.
Rhianna: It's his dad's fault.
Richelle Direny: You said you
Rhianna: Yeah, all that baked macaroni and cheese. And you know, that's no good for you, but damn it. Good god.
Rhianna: And I've tried to not get
Rhianna: Like stray away from it and I will your will. Your chewing on a carrot stick and you're looking over like God. That looks delicious. I'm just gonna put it down and eat it.
Rhianna: I have no self control over food.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Rhianna: No wonder I my son's looking at me like, mom.
Rhianna: Well, why you do it. So,
Richelle Direny: Of course, chewing on a carrot is not appealing in
Rhianna: Now, well, I mean that's what I'll just be eaten.
Rhianna: can chop cares be in these cut up salads and, you know, I mean, don't get me wrong, there is good salad but
Rhianna: Every time
Rhianna: Gosh. Yeah. I mean, he even told me to. As far as to go yeah okay go to port, but you shouldn't eat the pork with the bone in it. Well, there's the flavor. That's the flavor. Do you see
Rhianna: I'm just being honest.
Rhianna: What is wrong with this guy.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Rhianna: Sorry, I don't mean to make you laugh.
Rhianna: I'm just being honest, you know, I mean, gosh, take the flavor out everything and then don't don't stare saying, Mrs. Dash my way. I mean, I might just fall over.
Richelle Direny: But listen, I wholeheartedly agree. You gotta, you gotta suck the moment like what is eating a piece of you can't get out of the bone.
Rhianna: Do what, honey.
Richelle Direny: I said, What is the purpose of eating the meat. If you can't really suck all that juice.
Rhianna: Inflamed oh crap.
Rhianna: I mean, come on.
Rhianna: Oh my gosh, and you should see my son go at it. I mean, he loves it.
Rhianna: And he is a skinny way to, you see. And maybe you can see him. Next time running around the background. He is so darn skinny.
Rhianna: He's a boy. I mean, he's he's he'll be eight. So I always say, but he is so tall and skinny, so he looks like he's at he doesn't mean anything. But he does. He just likes what he lives. That's why we're at this kind of an agreement.
Rhianna: It can't be all fun for me while I'm sucking my fingers and he's you know he didn't care sticks. It just can't we just can't.
Richelle Direny: Listen what day is the best on data to me is the evenings or during the day is better for you.
Rhianna: Um,
Rhianna: This is fine. I mean what what do you it's whatever you got available.
Richelle Direny: Well, right now, looking in March. I'm looking at I'm
Richelle Direny: I'm going to march I have Monday at noon, or I have
Richelle Direny: The 18 but it will probably be eight o'clock at night.
Rhianna: That would work better for me is that at night. Yeah. Yeah. Can I do that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. All right.
Rhianna: Okay. The 18 so the 18th
Richelle Direny: The 18th at 8pm but I'll send you a reminder. That's March.
Rhianna: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I'll send you a reminder
Richelle Direny: For your appointment and I'll just put in there just kind of just, just let me know confirm that you will be here and weekly is when we will do the
Richelle Direny: The groups at one o'clock.
Rhianna: Ok and now is that still at the every Thursday, though, right.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Rhianna: Every Thursday. OK. OK. OK.
Rhianna: And if
Richelle Direny: Anything changes for the group just, you know, you can always just send, send me a message. I mean, I understand things happen is definitely does.
Rhianna: I'm
Richelle Direny: Going to be able to use your out of a refill, and you can't get in contact with this Austin, then you can just shoot me a text or an email is to let me know that I'm
Rhianna: Feeling right now. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right. And then when we meet the first first session we'll kind of go over everything that we talked about with the bio today. I'm kind of discuss your treatment plan and also at that point we will discuss. I mean, I think, for right now, we can do every other week for us to meet
Richelle Direny: The week where we could do once a month. Doesn't sound like there's a whole lot person, but definitely every other week might be okay first
Rhianna: Okay. Okay. All right.
Richelle Direny: I'll see you on the 18
Rhianna: All right, thank you. Have a good day, honey.
Bye.
Tammy Flannery: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi, how are you
Tammy Flannery: I'm doing better, how are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good. I thought for a second.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, I didn't I, I'm getting so confused with the all the
Tammy Flannery: Email stuff. So I thought I had to go into my email and then enter a survey or something first to get to you, but
Tammy Flannery: Like I'm not very computer savvy.
Tammy Flannery: I just
Richelle Direny: I'll go over everything with you.
Richelle Direny: Well, not about
Richelle Direny: The server because I have to go learn that myself on how about
Richelle Direny: Having know that they recommend that you um you check in through the virtual clinic first so they can go over every anything that needs to that you need to get done with
Richelle Direny: Me, but um I sent you a text them.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um, you know, usually when I send a text like if you just because whenever I don't get confirmation. Like I'm unsure as to whether or not you're going to come
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah. So like, um, well, we'll talk more about that in the end about better i thought i find it to be better to just send the text out. I'm in comparison to email because I feel like the text, it's more readily available because it's your
Home.
Richelle Direny: And you can respond to that.
Tammy Flannery: Used to the text.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And if you're not computer savvy. I don't know how much you use your email.
Tammy Flannery: I'm learning here lately.
Richelle Direny: By the time you're finished with this, you're going to be a proactive.
Tammy Flannery: Right, exactly. You know, the quick learner. I really do learn vast I just never really got into the computer seen yet. So I guess it's just
Richelle Direny: There. Don't worry, you
Tammy Flannery: And thank you.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much for joining.
Richelle Direny: Us and, you know, so not tomorrow when you log on for. Let me see. You're on the roster for group tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. So, tomorrow, you're going to do the same thing where you're going to log into the virtual clinic and they're going to give you the my zoom room number. It's not going to be the same as the one tonight.
Richelle Direny: That's only when we meet individually, where they're going to give you my zoom number and that is what you're going to use to meet for group at one o'clock, and that's every Thursday at 1pm
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, I'm
Tammy Flannery: The one that I have for you now that
Tammy Flannery: You know, I find is that
Tammy Flannery: What they
Richelle Direny: Every time we meet for a
Richelle Direny: Minute.
But then
Richelle Direny: I think is
Tammy Flannery: I don't know if you're
Richelle Direny: gonna hear a lot of feedback.
Tammy Flannery: I think it's this phone right now.
Tammy Flannery: So I didn't use it. I don't have to fix now apps. But he's lost the lifeline something else.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm still here to go back to where it was because I think it was your reception was better that way it was before.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Is that better. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, that's what I'm so
Richelle Direny: You know, just kind of somehow through
Richelle Direny: It, we're just in your intake.
Tammy Flannery: And with the intake.
Richelle Direny: We're just we asked
Richelle Direny: Different parts.
Richelle Direny: This is going to get to know you.
Know your background.
Richelle Direny: Your history.
As deleted super
Richelle Direny: Kind of, you know,
Richelle Direny: A lot of gathering tonight I'm Abby will discuss about you know what the goals are your short term and long term goals and then we will set up the next time that we meet
Richelle Direny: I'm so that night it. So, you know, typically we just always asking, I think know things happen and I know the Wi Fi is not always the greatest but we just ask
Richelle Direny: That you tried to whatever you are session that, you know, you just have because this is the platform. It's rule, though the internet. This is how we're meeting. So we just ask that you
Richelle Direny: You know, you're just somewhere where you you're able to meet and it is in a private area, especially when you're meeting for the groups that they're always in a private area.
Richelle Direny: Um, because with the
Richelle Direny: Other people are sharing. I'm so if you're going to be somewhere around where other people are, you know, you just always have a headset.
Tammy Flannery: So that people don't. The
Richelle Direny: Ground, you will hear what the other people on the zoom are on this platform is saying.
Tammy Flannery: Um,
Richelle Direny: I always always asked every time that we meet
Richelle Direny: You know, again, life happens things happen there last minute and that's the reason why I like, I like to share. So you can send me a text message or send you a text message. If you're not going to be able to so
Richelle Direny: Let's say you're on your way. We're going to meet and something occurred and but going emergency happy now. You can't meet just shoot me a text and say, hey, we're shown
Richelle Direny: I know we have a session today, but I just had an emergency. I'm not going to be able to meet and I'll be like, Okay, no problem.
Richelle Direny: We'll just reschedule because I know things happen if this eliminates me from sitting here waiting for you to pop up on my
Tammy Flannery: Screen that's
Richelle Direny: From not doing that.
Richelle Direny: Um, and the other thing is that it is not everything that you're saying is it's going to be health confidential, even though you do have with your
Richelle Direny: Physician that you meet with myself and what have you. You know, from we work as a team. So as as it's related to the team. They're all aware of what's going on. It is a recorded session now where confidentiality.
Richelle Direny: Where confidentiality kind of goes out the door is if you suggest that you want to hurt yourself. You make a statement to say that you are threatening self harm.
Richelle Direny: harm to others.
Richelle Direny: And then that's when you know
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'll try to stack, um, you know, this is just kind of US building our initial relationship or report and just kind of beginning our working relationship. Okay.
Tammy Flannery: All right, great.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So you have any questions so far.
Tammy Flannery: No so far. I don't think so. I may here in a little bit.
Richelle Direny: Of them.
Richelle Direny: Tell me, tell me a little bit about, you know, how'd you hear about bright heart. What got you worked hard.
Tammy Flannery: And I actually saw a commercial on TV for a different place.
Tammy Flannery: They were called bright
Tammy Flannery: Bright something else. And I don't know. Have you heard of them or not. But there's a different place. But when I was looking it up on the computer.
Tammy Flannery: You have an a pop up to like a little phone number or something in the corner. So I decided to call it just to see what happens. And I was completely shocked at all of the
Tammy Flannery: The services that you provide online because I i believe i told you i had open heart surgery.
Tammy Flannery: I had four lung surgery, a piece of my lung left lung removed and 2015 for pneumonia and literacy and then I had
Tammy Flannery: An infection run through my body from my teeth. And so I had
Tammy Flannery: To have a breast surgery on what this was all in one year in 2015 was a long 2018 2018 was the
Tammy Flannery: Breast and then I had a bell obstruction. Two months later, and then I had open heart surgery. Two months later, two months after that when I almost died because I was losing blood
Tammy Flannery: And then just a hysterectomy.
Tammy Flannery: March of last year.
Tammy Flannery: I went through the wringer there for a minute.
Richelle Direny: A lot of medical issues.
Tammy Flannery: I'm getting better than now I'm starting to move towards
Tammy Flannery: You know, moving the right direction of getting healthier starting to gain my way back slowly but surely that was really healthy. I felt before. But
Tammy Flannery: So,
Richelle Direny: So then you found with with finding bright heart and to kind of work through your, you know, your pack addiction.
Tammy Flannery: Addiction this
Richelle Direny: Is what finding this program through this platform being that you get to be Apple and you know you have to do is log on. It just works really well.
Tammy Flannery: Because you know I have appointments up a lot of other places. I can barely get to sometimes because I don't have a vehicle yet. I haven't been able to drive.
Tammy Flannery: Completely running around, it seems like non stop.
Tammy Flannery: If I want to get all the, I guess I have to. But then it was so convenient that you guys do it online and I and all of your programs are online for the I mean other than going and picking up medication. I can do all of my everything else here.
Richelle Direny: I think you when you do your labs, I believe either the military, you go to a lab.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, they said.
Tammy Flannery: I don't know exactly how should that words do you, do you know how that works. Like you go to the lab, the first time.
Richelle Direny: I believe you go to the lab, the first time, but I think the
Richelle Direny: I think the medical provider, they're the ones that tell you, I don't know. I honestly don't know how that works.
Richelle Direny: For them, and other people they actually have to go to a lot to get it done. So I don't know if it's based on the insurance that the insurance determines how it's done. I don't know if that plays a big part in it.
Tammy Flannery: Okay. All right.
Now,
Richelle Direny: Now we've got an established pretty much like what brought you to bright heart. Could you give me just a little bit of background into
Richelle Direny: Your history as it's related to your addiction, like one day to get started. HOW OLD WERE YOU WERE YOU was young. I kind of what was surrounding the beginning
Tammy Flannery: I was young when I was young, I
Tammy Flannery: did start. I started drinking in smoking marijuana
Tammy Flannery: As
Tammy Flannery: A teenager, you know, here and there that progressed a little bit well progressed a lot into my
Tammy Flannery: Late teens and then I finally decided enough was enough. You know, and I quit. And I started thinking about school again and I got my GED. And when I
Tammy Flannery: Started taking criminal justice but I ended up in surgery, of all places to work.
Tammy Flannery: But
Tammy Flannery: I really liked it. At that time, but for some reason I was able to like I felt like I was maintaining at that time, you know, I could maintain
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: I worked in surgery for seven years as a surgical technician.
Tammy Flannery: Instrument, which was a nice job. I loved it. It was a learning experience every day but
Tammy Flannery: Let's see what let me go back when I started having my surgeries. I'd had a
Tammy Flannery: My leftover removed in 2007 which would have been a few, you know, some years later after I kind of stopped smoking weed and I drank a little bit here and there, but like, you know, maybe twice a year, or
Tammy Flannery: Something like that.
Tammy Flannery: Let's see how to okay and then I have my surgery on my left over. And they had a system on it. That was too, but they couldn't get it out and it wouldn't last or whatever. So
Tammy Flannery: They removed it. I had on the pain bills and I just fell in love with the euphoria effect that they gave me and I felt like I could do anything. You know what I mean by that. I'd already been working in surgeries. I kind of screwed.
Tammy Flannery: I went down now pretty quick.
Tammy Flannery: I love that sick, my mother in law that saved my husband, he doesn't. I guess they passed away because my mother, my mom.
Tammy Flannery: And me and my sister in law passed away.
Tammy Flannery: My brother in law. My mom passed away. First she got brain cancer.
Tammy Flannery: My mother in law. A year later, passed away. I'm sorry.
Tammy Flannery: I keep it together, but one
Tammy Flannery: Day. My sister law overdose, which was pretty
Tammy Flannery: painstaking it away. My husband was distraught beat him. We're having problems. He hasn't do drugs. I do. Do you know at the time I was doing drugs so
Tammy Flannery: It was just a tug of war and
Tammy Flannery: When my sister in law died.
Tammy Flannery: It was really, you know, that was a pretty bad time. But then a year later, my nephew his nephew died and that was
Tammy Flannery: A lot of time with again and
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, it was really awful. So when we ended up splitting that I mean he
Tammy Flannery: Ended up get physical with me emotionally abusive and stuff. And so we've been split up for a
Tammy Flannery: While that I got sick. I got really sick with the lungs and the infection in harmony. I don't think he believed it at first.
Tammy Flannery: Or he wanted to believe that I wasn't so that he what he was doing wasn't so bad on him. I don't know what it was, but he didn't want to think that I was sick because I was a pretty you know pretty strong. I feel emotionally, mentally, but
Tammy Flannery: He started getting physical and it just became too much and I can, I knew I would live if I stuck around so
Tammy Flannery: Anyone that would all be bad. So we've been separated for a while now and I'm working on a divorce with him, but everything I like things are getting better. Honestly, they're
Tammy Flannery: moving in the right direction, as I always say that we're saying, I've already don't know that what roles so
Tammy Flannery: I I do tend to say that I'll never taking back within. I don't know. You know what the future holds. To be honest, I don't think I would, but I may do those
Tammy Flannery: Working on me right now though because that's who I need to focus on again myself together.
Tammy Flannery: And three beautiful rabies.
Tammy Flannery: They just
Tammy Flannery: Make my day my my life.
Tammy Flannery: He has a son was another lady, I have a daughter.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you
Tammy Flannery: slam my daughter, that's
Tammy Flannery: Between us
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah. Um, so now you said that it was after
Richelle Direny: The surgery. That's when you got addicted to opiates.
Tammy Flannery: In 2007 yeah
Tammy Flannery: I HAD LEFTOVER
Tammy Flannery: Percocet.
Tammy Flannery: All of those call on. I got it. I worked in surgery surgeon just gave up freely to me at the time.
Tammy Flannery: Which didn't do me any favors that I didn't
Tammy Flannery: I wasn't aware of what they do to you know they they came with physical withdrawal and I'll have some heavy game afraid of that he tried to go to work 12 hours so
Tammy Flannery: It was a so I will go around. Eventually I had
Tammy Flannery: To
Tammy Flannery: Florida.
Tammy Flannery: Michigan itself, go to doctors to get
Tammy Flannery: That
Tammy Flannery: And
Tammy Flannery: It just went on there. And then finally,
Tammy Flannery: I feel that it's feasible my life back around, because I can
Tammy Flannery: I can, I can show people how to do it. So,
Tammy Flannery: My goal.
Tammy Flannery: Today, get through like
Richelle Direny: When you were when you were you said when you were younger, you would just only smoked marijuana injury.
Tammy Flannery: Like I, that was the old ones. I did.
Tammy Flannery: Like every weekend or whenever anybody like
Tammy Flannery: Every day, but like every week and I never wanted, but I would occasionally do contain occasionally acid.
Tammy Flannery: Never really in a paid vacation. Like I never was introduced to that, I guess.
Richelle Direny: ever gone into any kind of treatment program.
Tammy Flannery: Yes.
Tammy Flannery: Please call me can
Tammy Flannery: I do
Tammy Flannery: 12 step programs.
Tammy Flannery: Too, and I can't because I feel like they helped me
Tammy Flannery: With my feeling numbers and stuff.
Tammy Flannery: But the only one that has this
Tammy Flannery: Problem. I mean that's disease, I believe.
Tammy Flannery: Some of my feeling
Tammy Flannery: I think so. The, the evaluate themselves.
Tammy Flannery: I can't do anything.
Tammy Flannery: For the in I can't make them do anything.
Tammy Flannery: For me to show them how I live my life.
Richelle Direny: Now,
What
Richelle Direny: Now you do you live you live you live alone or you live with your daughter.
Richelle Direny: Your daughter.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
And
Tammy Flannery: I just
Tammy Flannery: Gonna be a
Tammy Flannery: We have a, we call it measure public housing. Do you know talking about right video on Section eight or something like that, but we call it metropolitan housing in the list to
Tammy Flannery: Get into alone. I was
Tammy Flannery: So torn between
Tammy Flannery: Visibility
Tammy Flannery: Or try to go back to work and see if I can do it.
Tammy Flannery: To do yet because I'm afraid.
Tammy Flannery: If I get me get away. But I don't know.
Tammy Flannery: How that works. She's to me because I'm kind of let it when it comes to pretty intelligent believe
Richelle Direny: What you're saying that you are your daughter is helping you sign up for disability.
Tammy Flannery: Yes.
Tammy Flannery: Try
Richelle Direny: Um, I mean, you can always, you should. I mean, in Ohio. I don't know how it works in Ohio. But given that you've had.
Richelle Direny: Surgeries
Richelle Direny: Like the heart.
Richelle Direny: And you had to open heart or just one
Tammy Flannery: Just one open heart.
Richelle Direny: open heart.
Richelle Direny: Did you have a heart attack.
Tammy Flannery: Though I had my body, my heart wasn't producing blood. So I, I can't go into the emergency room and stuff and they
Tammy Flannery: Couldn't figure out anything a lot of thought I was seeking, I think. So they would just turn around, because that's a, there's a lot of that going on here. And even though it was like a level was completely zero. I didn't have any base so that I wouldn't be seen
Tammy Flannery: Right be run a fever hundred 200 for at night, they didn't. It was hard for them to believe. But finally, I had to go to hospitals, back to back, take my blood.
Tammy Flannery: And the second, the second night when they took my blood before they said that I'd missed or I was busy a pint of blood, you know that had just been two months for too much part of that I had an emergency surgery way that we can start my bow got four inches of it. He had
Tammy Flannery: Some moral hernia so
Tammy Flannery: Rough
Tammy Flannery: Oh, so they told me that I was missing. I am blood overnight only had six point in my body. And when I got to the hospital. They started doing tests doing Ed geez hearts. I mean,
Tammy Flannery: My heart that I had an infection build up on my bike to they had to get in there and replace that
Tammy Flannery: I guess I do pretty good as far as that goes.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it sounds like you're you're doing for now. How long have you
Richelle Direny: Been sober.
Tammy Flannery: For years,
Richelle Direny: For you. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you said you had only
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how long
Tammy Flannery: I'm sorry, it wasn't. It was an outpatient, is that what you're asking. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It was an outpatient
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You have a family history of mental illness.
Richelle Direny: For faith family is your do you have, were you diagnosed with a mental thing.
Tammy Flannery: That that I that I would call like I wasn't suicide or homicide or anything like that.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Tammy Flannery: No, no, no. I said, my dad had
Richelle Direny: No, I'm asking you, you said no you don't have any history of suicide or homicidal
Tammy Flannery: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Absolutely.
Richelle Direny: And you fed, your dad when
Tammy Flannery: He went to Vietnam and he had
Tammy Flannery: PTSD.
Tammy Flannery: Is that what it's called. You know what I'm talking about, where
Richelle Direny: You have PTSD. Yes. Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Other than that, I don't know. He was, he was a very intelligent man too but
Richelle Direny: What about your mom when
Tammy Flannery: I'm
Tammy Flannery: Dealing she ended up with a brain tumor or it's called glioblastoma was a very aggressive brain cancer that starts in the brain.
Tammy Flannery: But, and as far as being diagnosed with anything though, I kind of thought she might have to have a slight touch of autism.
Tammy Flannery: But that was just my opinion. You don't need me, like, looking back now because my grandson has autism. So looking back out by love. I think she may have had some a little bit, but she raised us and everything so
Tammy Flannery: She did pretty good. Choose again well
Tammy Flannery: Just had hiccups.
Richelle Direny: And both your parents. Well, you said that your mom passed away, but your dad is still alive. Right.
Tammy Flannery: My dad passed away when I was 1988
Tammy Flannery: Hmm, okay. I'm
Richelle Direny: open heart disease.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Did you say that you were genetically predisposed to heart disease.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, they said there. I had a hole in my heart that they would have been would have eventually had repair.
Tammy Flannery: Anyways, so I don't know when or how long down the road that would have been, but
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, I think I might have had some issues at least
Tammy Flannery: Because he was 30 die when he passed away. I'm 46 so
Tammy Flannery: He's pretty young.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, they are in law.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So you were under 10 1770 yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Your parents. They didn't have any history of any kind of addiction, they struggle with any kind of addiction.
Tammy Flannery: Or my dad drank my Bob
Tammy Flannery: gambled but she didn't do drugs or anything.
Tammy Flannery: She did.
Tammy Flannery: Some issues. Let's take a look at
Tammy Flannery: My father and what all he was a full blown up all
Richelle Direny: The links.
Tammy Flannery: Two brothers.
Richelle Direny: Do they have any time in history.
Tammy Flannery: My older brother does not have history. I mean, he drank here there but
Tammy Flannery: He's just he didn't know he didn't do drugs or anything, my younger brother drink somewhat to know, you know, drink either really anymore so
Tammy Flannery: They just went out with their friends and stuff. I was the
Tammy Flannery: black sheep of the family, I guess.
Tammy Flannery: Thought they were bad.
Tammy Flannery: But
Tammy Flannery: I'm just kidding. They were pretty good brothers. We had our issues.
Richelle Direny: You guys will have a very close relationship now.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, yeah, I love my brothers today.
Tammy Flannery: Guys.
Richelle Direny: And now, you said you have the one your one daughter. Um, is there any history of any kind of
Richelle Direny: Addiction.
No.
Tammy Flannery: She was
Tammy Flannery: She just decided that she was going to live her life.
Tammy Flannery: And she does.
Richelle Direny: Have that what was
Tammy Flannery: She was going to live different she wouldn't live like that.
Tammy Flannery: And she lives different she does not allow drugs in her house. She did drink on occasion like if they're going to go out to celebrate something or maybe a holiday, they'll have a glass of wine, but other than that.
Tammy Flannery: That's about it.
Richelle Direny: Your daughter is Mary
Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, she's
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Richelle Direny: No, even with no. Have you ever gone through. Have you ever had therapy in the past or anything.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: The outpatient program.
Tammy Flannery: That I had there been a while I was going to outpatient and even after yeah after as well. I definitely agree.
Tammy Flannery: I like therapy.
Tammy Flannery: Was very beneficial.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you found it to be okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, what about your stepson he didn't have any
Tammy Flannery: Sorry, I'm sorry honey on
Richelle Direny: Your steps on. Did he have a history of addiction.
Know,
Richelle Direny: Your family. It was just you and your husband, your daughter, your daughter, your steps on you were the only one that after all.
Tammy Flannery: Believe it or not. Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: It was a
Richelle Direny: Nephew died things kind of just went south.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: He's he really close really close to his
Tammy Flannery: His nephew. Yeah, we were really close.
Tammy Flannery: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: How many grandkids, you said you. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Three. Three.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Take care of them you babysit them. Yeah, we're very, very young, or their own
Tammy Flannery: They're young they have four or five year old six year old into your own their hell on wheels.
Tammy Flannery: Do you have any
Tammy Flannery: Now,
Tammy Flannery: I mean you don't have a yet.
Richelle Direny: I'm my three children, but they're they're young. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So your grandkids are the ones that was trying to get in.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, now, do you have any pending legal issues.
Tammy Flannery: No, no, no. I'm trying to get my driver's license back I oh reinstatement. These on them. But other than that, that's the only see that
Richelle Direny: Now with getting it reinstated with a revolt suspended because of a DUI or
Tammy Flannery: No, it was suspended because I was driving without a license without insurance.
Tammy Flannery: Because I just couldn't afford it. At the time I buy drugs were more work than
Richelle Direny: Getting
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, I mean, honestly.
Richelle Direny: Right now you're not working or you are working
Tammy Flannery: And not working. I am currently trying to find it at least a part time job. So I can
Tammy Flannery: Try to sign up for disability. I don't know.
Tammy Flannery: And I'm afraid to sign up for it, wait for it, and they've denied me
Tammy Flannery: And I heard that you know if you can work part time for it with it.
Richelle Direny: I yeah you can be just can't. I think what I mean, I don't know. I think every state may be different. But I think if you do work. You can't work, but a certain number of hours at work over a certain number of hours. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Ah,
Richelle Direny: Well, then the whole point of disability is that you can't work.
Tammy Flannery: Right, right. That's what I was like, how does that work with sorry or contacts. I'm legally blind as well.
Tammy Flannery: Without the dry sometimes
Richelle Direny: Oh, you said you're legally blind.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, without without corrective lenses.
Tammy Flannery: Which is fine. Another thing that would help me get
Tammy Flannery: Disability, but I just went to work I you know I like to get out and visit
Tammy Flannery: Stay here babysit my babies those
Richelle Direny: Born and raised in Ohio.
Tammy Flannery: I was born in Anchorage, Alaska, but I was raised in Ohio.
Tammy Flannery: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Do you still have family there.
Tammy Flannery: No, no, my dad and mom moved back to he, my dad was in the Army there they moved back to Ohio when I was
Tammy Flannery: Nine months old. So I guess I was passed away because of the wider change because everything's fresh up there. That's well in Ohio where we're from
Tammy Flannery: That day climate change.
Tammy Flannery: Where are you from,
Tammy Flannery: You know, from
Florida.
Tammy Flannery: He live in Florida.
Tammy Flannery: Bad to lie down.
Richelle Direny: In West Palm Beach.
Richelle Direny: Have you been to Florida.
Tammy Flannery: One time. So, excuse me.
Tammy Flannery: Go ahead.
Richelle Direny: We're in Florida.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Richelle Direny: No worries. You been
Tammy Flannery: Oh my
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Tammy Flannery: Sorry.
Tammy Flannery: I didn't understand you correctly there for a bit.
Richelle Direny: I noticed that you're when you're you. And I noticed that there's a delay.
Richelle Direny: I noticed that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now let me ask you, what would you like
Richelle Direny: Your time
With
Richelle Direny: What why to work on.
Richelle Direny: What are your short term and long term goal.
Tammy Flannery: I would like to work on.
Tammy Flannery: Going back to, I would like to go back to school at some point, and maybe get a degree and
Tammy Flannery: I want to be a veterinarian or badasses that veterinarian, because that's a lot of schooling and I'm not prepared to do that. I'm just gonna lie to myself and say I am. I want to be a veterinary assistant right
Richelle Direny: Like, I'm not gonna lie.
Tammy Flannery: Right.
Tammy Flannery: But I when I love my animals, and I loved working in surgery. So I thought, you know, maybe
Tammy Flannery: If I could help buddy Annabelle then have done something that flat days.
Richelle Direny: Do you like in an animal shelter any place like that.
Tammy Flannery: I try. I did try. At first I did try for a little bit, but I couldn't
Tammy Flannery: Get back and forth as easy. And that was right in between. When I was getting sick and going through these surgery so
Tammy Flannery: I gave up. I do plan on going back on and working on that again because we have a couple of shelters around our area that could really use some help. Now they've got some lovely animals that could really use love and walk in and whatever.
Tammy Flannery: Even if it's just taken out of the cage for a couple hours, let them play
Richelle Direny: Is what I would
Richelle Direny: Recommend. Um, the next time that we meet again we can get a little bit deeper in terms of like your goals. And what would you like to work on and kind of what you know the plan will be will forward. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now the groups, like I said, our weekly and I'm
Oh,
Tammy Flannery: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Groups or weekly at 1pm
Tammy Flannery: Okay, so it's every week.
Richelle Direny: Every week now.
Richelle Direny: I guess until you you know when you're on the Suboxone and you get stable to a certain point, if you know after doing it for a while. If the physician decides. Okay, well you know what, let's go every other week, or every month, then we can do that.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Hi, my discussion with I'm with Miss Austin.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me look at my calendar and let's see what the next time. Now, is this around this time. Good for you.
Tammy Flannery: Sure. Yeah, absolutely.
Tammy Flannery: Anytime good really really well during the day.
Richelle Direny: During the day is better for you.
Tammy Flannery: I would say no. I mean, this time is that for me.
Tammy Flannery: I think
Richelle Direny: Because I'm looking at my calendar. I'm looking at the second week
Richelle Direny: What 12 o'clock. Would you be able to meet at 12 O'clock during the day.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Tammy Flannery: Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: We could do Monday the 16th and 12 or we could do. I'm on
Richelle Direny: I actually have the 16th at eight o'clock.
Tammy Flannery: Buck 68 o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Either
Richelle Direny: The 16th at 8pm or
Richelle Direny: Me.
Tammy Flannery: At what time. I'm sorry, the second one.
Tammy Flannery: Okay, we can do the 8pm that'd be fine with me if that's okay with you, which one would be better for you.
Richelle Direny: Either one. Either one.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Tammy Flannery: We can do that, then if that's okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And just like I did. I put in
Richelle Direny: Just a reminder
Richelle Direny: I'll send a reminder awesome your session.
Tammy Flannery: Okay.
Tammy Flannery: Your
Richelle Direny: Then your group is going to be
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow,
Tammy Flannery: at 1pm and I
Get
You clock in at
Richelle Direny: One.
Richelle Direny: O'clock go to and they'll give you the call to login
Tammy Flannery: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Do you have any questions for
Tammy Flannery: That right now. No.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Then, so I'll see you tomorrow time
Tammy Flannery: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Have a good day.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye bye.
Bye.
Tammy Flannery: Here.